# Welcome to MWeb

MWeb is a professional Markdown writing, note taking, and static blog generator app for Mac, iPad, and iPhone. Here are some special features of MWeb.

## The software

* Made with supporting native technologies in mind. It is always a perfect integration with the platform.
* Aiming for modern UI and high performance, also being powerful, easy-to-use, and fully-featured.

## Markdown

### The powerful syntax

* Use the GitHub Flavored Markdown (GFM) by default.
* Included with the support of creating tables, TOCs, LaTeX math, fenced code blocks, task lists, footnotes, and many more.
* Easily generate graphics with any of mermaid, Graphviz, ECharts, PlantUML, js-sequence-diagrams, and flowchart.js.

### Editing assistant

* Gracefully handle image insertion: direct copy and paste, drag and drop, and full-colored preview in the editor.
* Specify the image size in Markdown-compatible syntax.
* Inserting tables and LaTeX equations with ease.

### Note taking

* Store and manage all documents in a tree-like categoring library with a tagging system. Categories can be gracefully exported or turned into static websites.
* Put quick notes.
* Instantly search from the entire library.

### Output

* Exporting contents as various formats, including HTML, EPUB, PDF, RTF, Docx, and even image.
* Publishing the articles to Wordrpess, Metaweblog API, Wordpress.com, Evernote, Blogger, Medium, Ghost, and Tumblr.
* Smooth support for image upload services: using Imgur, SM.MS, Qiniu, Upyun, Tencent Cloud COS, Aliyun OSS or your custom API.

### External documentation

* There is an external mode in MWeb that enables importing existing markdown files in directories. It also handles contents from Gitbook, JekyII and Hexo.

## MWeb official help

Before use MWeb, we suggest that reading the MWeb official help document: <https://www.mweb.im/help.html> first. 
If you use the Library Mode, please check out this link <https://www.mweb.im/mweb-library.html> first. 

## Help us to make MWeb better!

1. Spread the words! Tell your friends about MWeb if you like it.
2. Send Feedback: <coderforart+2333@gmail.com>
3. Leave a review or at least a rating in the Mac App Store.
